task: Part 1:
Consider how to use MQTT for the project. Based on your experiences, what is made possible us-
ing MQTT? What seems fairly difficult using MQTT? If you were to use MQTT, what would be a
reasonable communications lag time be? Would you prefer to use a different method of transmitting data?

Answer of Task part 1:
I use the MQTT for message delivery in many IoT use cases. MQTT allows for messaging between device to cloud
and cloud to device. This makes for easy broadcasting messages to groups of things. MQTT is designed for efficient
delivery of messages, minimizing network bandwidth and device resource requirements. This makes it ideal for IoT 
(Internet of Things) and mobile applications.
WWhile MQTT itself is lightweight, it requires additional security measures to ensure secure data transmission, 
which can add complexity. The communication lag in MQTT is usually in the milliseconds range, but it can vary based 
on network quality, broker performance, and QoS level, with a few milliseconds to seconds being typical for IoT applications.

Task: part2:
Q- Try more similar sounding words (particularly bad examples may be words like “sound” and “found”, letters (A, B, C , D, E , F, G).
   Does the performance start taking a hit?
A- yes, it does.

Q- Phrases. How long of a phrase can work? Is the length of a phrase actually a good thing for
   “error correction”? 
A- The pharas of two letters words work and it is hard to recognized one letter like A. The length of a phrase actually 
   is very good for error correction. 
   
Q- Play music in the background. Go to a coffee shop (or work in the lab). How well does it work in noise? What are ways to
   improve its performance in noise?
A- It works very well in noise. We can improve it by making the words longer or pronouncing the letter or word longer.

Write some short bullet points with some individual thoughts on how this applies to your project:
(a) What can you do with your given speech program in the project?
A- I might use it in my project. I am not sure yet because still not sure what will be my project about.
   I might use it to talk to the game in my project.
(b) How complex do you want your speech recognition to be? How complex can you reasonably expect
    your speech recognition to be?
A- I think it would be very complex becasuse sometimes it is hard recognized the speech.
(c) What level of speech accuracy do you need? In other words, how quickly do you need an accurate
recognition? Does a missed recognition hurt the progress of the game?
A- I neeed a high level of speech accuracy becuase it should recognize the words quickly and accurately. yes, I think a missed recognized 
   hurt the progress of the game.
(d) Do you need specific hardware, specific conditions, etc. to have a reasonable confidence that it
    works well enough?
A- I not having any good idea yet what specific hardware or specific conditions are helpful for working enough well. 
   I consider, I need some kind of filter that helps to work well enough. 